TOKYO PREFECTURAL JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL
Here we go.
Can't we have more vending machines?
No way. not many can enter
this school anyway.
What?
Where are the first-year students?
I sent them on an errand.
Bonito flakes.
-Will it be okay?
-Salmon.
They are not three-year-old kids.
They know how to run errands.
That's not what I meant.
Isn't the principal of
Kyoto Jujutsu High School coming today?
What?
The meeting for the Goodwill Event.
That abnormal case where
the first-year students were dispatched.
Wasn't it done by the higher-ups
who have a tense relationship with Satoru?
The principal of Kyoto
is part of the higher-ups. right?
If they bump into each other…
Itadori. the first-year student
they targeted. is dead.
They probably don't plan
to do anything to Megumi and Kugisaki.
Even the old man in Kyoto
won't cause trouble.
at least on the surface.
Salmon.
The teachers may have
their own standpoints.
but not necessarily the students.
Do you mean Mai is here?
It's just my guess.
After all. the meeting
has nothing to do with the students.
However…
Don't they like to harass people?
Todo and Mai.
Why are you here. Zenin?
Oh. I knew it.
She gives off a similar vibe.
Are they sisters?
They are twins.
Gosh. Fushiguro.
If you call me that.
it will be the same as Maki.
Call me "Mai."
These two are the substitutes for Okkotsu
and the third-year students?
We followed the principal here
because we were worried about you.
Your classmate died. right?
Are you sad? Or maybe not?
What are you trying to say?
It's okay.
There are things that can be hard to say.
I'll say it on your behalf instead.
The term "vessel" sounds good.
but to speak crudely.
he's just a half-cursed monster. right?
Such a dirty and inhuman thing.
Yet he calls himself
a Jujutsu Sorcerer. like you.
He must have made you disgusted.
Isn't it good riddance that he's dead?
Mai. stop talking about useless stuff.
I only want to know
if they are good enough
to replace Okkotsu.
That's all!
Your name is Fushiguro. right?
What kind of woman do you like?
-What?
Based on your answer. I might beat you up
until you're half dead right here.
Okkotsu…
At worst. I'll drag the third-year
students to the Goodwill Event.
By the way…
I like tall women with big butts!
I just met you for the first time today.
Why should I tell you
about the kind of girl I like?
What?
Yes. you're making things difficult
for this boring man.
Shut up.
The situation is already weird enough.
Stop making it worse.
I'm Aoi Todo. a third-year student
at Kyoto Jujutsu High School.
That's all for my self-introduction.
We're friends now.
Hurry up and answer.
It's okay if it's a man.
Sexual preferences
can reflect one's personality.
Someone who has boring tastes
in women is boring!
I hate boring men the most!
The Goodwill Event is a special show
for me to show my passion and soul.
If you make me bored
in my last Goodwill Event.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Hey. Jujutsu high schools
adopt a four-year program. right?
You can only participate
until your third year.
I see.
As a form of consideration.
I can still leave you half dead.
Answer me. Fushiguro.
What kind of woman do you like?
What's this? A variety show?
Is that a summer uniform?
I'm annoyed. but I'm jealous.
Kugisaki's unarmed right now.
We need to avoid a fight.
It's not a bad thing
to be unable to forgive someone.
Isn't that part of your kindness too?
I don't have any preferences.
As long as she isn't easily swayed.
I don't ask for anything else.
That's a good answer.
I would kill him if he said
he likes big breasts or something.
Shut up.
I knew it.
You're so boring. Fushiguro.
Fushiguro!
Oh. man. I feel so bad for Fushiguro.
He's a genius who enrolled
as a Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer.
and yet he's nothing but a first-year
in front of our Grade 1 Todo.
I should console him later.
I thought you two are alike.
but I was wrong.
Maki's a hundred times
more beautiful than you.
Do you lack sleep? Your pores are huge.
I'll teach you…
how to talk nicely.
I knew it when I first saw you.
"This guy is so boring."
However.
I can't judge a book by its cover.
That's why I asked.
But you trampled on my kindness.
Don't tell me
your brain's made of pineapple. too.
Todo?
Is he that Todo?
Last year.
Geto started an unprecedented
cursed technique terrorist attack.
During the Shinjuku-to-Kyoto
Night Line of a Hundred Demons.
he exorcised five Grade 1 Cursed Spirits
and one Special Grade Cursed Spirit.
He's that Todo?
But it's not unusual for a Grade 1
Sorcerer to defeat a Special Grade.
What's amazing is that…
I heard you don't use cursed techniques.
What?
Oh. that rumor is fake.
I used it against a Special Grade.
You don't use it on Grade 1 Curses?
What a monster!
I'm so relieved.
Nue…
and Toad.
The Well's Unknown Abyss.
What?
The opponent focuses
on close-range combat.
I need to put some distance between us
and move in quickly.
He's quick! That was not his full speed--
You're too shallow.
Your physique is thin
and your preferences are equally shallow!
Darn it! He's too strong!
It's not over yet!
It's always the same.
This is too boring!
I don't sense any enthusiasm in you.
I was just being nice.
and you're acting all high-and-mighty.
Since you said that…
Then I'll do it.
Bring it on!
Don't move.
What are you doing?
We barely made it.
Bonito flakes.
But to be honest. I was late.
Long time no see. Panda.
Why can't you wait
until the Goodwill Event?
Go back.
Or I'll scream.
"Don't!"
No need to tell me. I'm going back.
Where's my shirt?
Seems like it won't be that boring
the entire time.
What?
Tell Okkotsu that
he has to attend the event as well.
It's troublesome.
I'm a panda.
I don't understand human language.
Salmon.
If you still want to be
a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
you should learn to pick your opponent.
What are you doing to my gofer. Mai?
Oh. my.
You look so much like a loser
that I didn't realize it was you. Maki.
The same goes for you.
You also only know
how to inject cursed energy into tools.
As if you know crap
about cursed techniques.
It's better than
having no cursed energy at all.
Your neck will feel sore
if you always look up.
Sometimes. you need to look down too.
Forget it. It's a disgrace
to be arguing among losers.
Can you stand. Nobara?
No way. She's not getting up for a while.
I taught her a lesson--
What's this? Are you going to fight?
Nice support. Maki!
How dare you open so many holes
in the sportswear I just bought!
Give me your uniform.
I'll make that my summer uniform!
Next time. I'll add a few holes
to your body.
Besides. you can't wear it
with your short legs--
I'm killing you!
Let's go back. Mai.
No way…
My shirt's here.
Where's Fushiguro?
Don't worry.
Panda and Inumaki went to help him.
Looks fun here.
Are you serious? I'm just about to start.
You can't.
Unlike you.
I have something important to do in Tokyo.
There's an…
individual handshake event with Takada!
TAKADA THE TALL IDOL
-What?
-I see.
If I can't get to the venue in time.
there's no telling what I'm going to do.
Come with me. Mai!
Gosh! What a selfish person!
To think that she skipped
the usual Kyoto for her tour.
Listen. it won't end so easily
during the Goodwill Event.
Why are you acting like you won?
Leave your uniform behind!
Stop it. you fool.
It brings no benefit to win or lose here.
We'll finish them at the Goodwill Event.
Hey. Maki.
Is it true that you have no cursed energy?
Yes.
That's why…
Without these glasses.
I can't even see curses.
What I use is called a Cursed Tool.
It's a tool that's imbued with a curse.
Unlike you guys.
I don't use my own cursed energy
to use sorcery and techniques.
Is it the same as Itadori's knife?
Then why did you become
a Jujutsu Sorcerer?
I acted in a fit of pique.
If I. who have been looked down upon.
become a great Jujutsu Sorcerer.
I wonder how
my family members would react?
I can't wait to see that.
Come on. Let's go to Ms. Shoko.
I respect you very much. Maki!
Oh. really?
Is Yaga still not here?
As an old man with my days numbered.
my time is precious.
Principal Yaga won't be coming
for a while.
Really?
Since I gave him a fake meeting time…
…by threatening Ijichi.
I've been under your care.
Principal Gakuganji.
Let's see. What do you mean by that?
Don't act dumb. old man.
It's about Itadori.
You're involved in it since you are
the head of the conservative. right?
Dear me.
Youngsters nowadays
can't even speak with respect?
I don't intend to respect you
from the beginning.
Old people nowadays are too arrogant.
it's really a pain in the butt.
-Hey.
-What?
This is problematic behavior.
We'll report it
to the relevant department.
Oh. my goodness!
It's Satoru Gojo in person!
Please help yourself.
I don't intend to stay for long.
He talked to me!
Last night. I was attacked by two
unregistered Special Grade Cursed Spirits.
Is that so?
That's unfortunate.
Don't be mistaken.
To me. it's almost like
the usual street interview.
He's so cool!
Those Cursed Spirits can communicate.
They must have comrades of the same level.
It's not just our enemies.
Hakari. Okkotsu. and your Todo.
In recent years. the level of students
has also improved by leaps and bounds.
Also. we had
the Suguru Geto incident last year.
And now.
the appearance of Sukuna's vessel.
What are you trying to say?
Don't you get it?
The power you suppressed
for lame status and tradition
has begun to grow and surge.
"Special Grade" will no longer be
the ceiling for the future generation.
If you think I'm the only one
who will bare my fangs at you.
then you're in for a ride. old man.
You're talking a little too much.
So frightening.
I've said everything that I wanted.
I should leave now.
By the way. Principal Yaga
will be here in two hours. Bye!
Two hours?
-Go get me some tea. Miwa.
-Yes. sir.
Please excuse me.
If I catch up.
I'll ask to take a photo with him!
TAKADA'S INDIVIDUAL HANDSHAKE EVENT
Please do the Takada's beam once.
Okay. I'll do it now.
Tantaka-tan!
Time's up.
ONE MONTH LATER
RECORD - SEPTEMBER 2018
KINEMA CINEMA
KAWASAKI. KANAGAWA PREFECTURE
AFTER THE MOVIE SCREENING.
A STAFF DISCOVERED THREE
PECULIAR BODIES OF HIGH-SCHOOL STUDENTS
CAUSE OF DEATH: INCREASED INTRACRANIAL
PRESSURE AND RESPIRATION PARALYSIS
AS A RESULT OF HEAD DEFORMATION
Excuse me.
The incident in the cinema…
Did you do it?
Wow. So you can see me.
KINEMA CINEMA
It's a horrifying crime scene.
Are you prepared. Itadori?
Yes.
Thank you!
No problem.
I got it!
Where's my tea?
Oh. god.
-Juju Stroll!
INDIVIDUAL HANDSHAKE EVENT VENUE
There's a beautiful woman
looking at us like trash.
Don't get too excited.
Sorry to keep you waiting. Mai.
What's wrong? Did something bad happen?
Ask yourself.
Is the moment finally here?
What?
What's this?
The next handshake event.
You should go feel
Takada's beauty in person.
It's troublesome.
This is also a fan
and a future husband's duty.
How disgusting.
But it will be more troublesome
if I refuse it.
What's wrong?
I get it.
What?
It's a girl!
Is this your first time?
Yes.
What's your name?
Mai.
Mai. are you tired?
Was it tiring to wait in line?
I'm tired of people.
rather than the waiting.
You should come again
when you feel better.
I'll remember you. Mai.
You're back. Mai.
How was it?
Nothing special.
Takada is indeed a woman
who can't be easily described in words.
That wasn't all too bad.